README.md, before:

# eslint-remote-tester

`eslint-remote-tester` is a CLI tool for testing given [ESlint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint) rules against multiple repositories at once. It's designed to be used when validating regression of new rules. It can be used to spot whether a new rule flags false positives or crashes ESLint completely.

<p align="center">
  <img width="640" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AriPerkkio/eslint-remote-tester/HEAD/docs/demo.svg">
</p>

## Installation
```sh
# In your project directory
$ yarn add --dev eslint-remote-tester

# eslint is also required as peer dependency
$ yarn add --dev eslint
```

## Configuration
### package.json
Add new script to your `package.json` file.
```json
"scripts": {
    "lint:remote": "eslint-remote-tester",
```

### eslint-remote-tester.config.js
Create new configuration file `eslint-remote-tester.config.js` in the root of your project. This is used as configuration file by default. Use `-c` or `--config` argument for custom configuration file, e.g. `--config path/custom.config.js`.
```js
module.exports = {
    /** Repositories to scan */
    repositories: [],

    /** Extensions of files under scanning */
    extensions: [],

    /** Optional pattern used to exclude paths */
    pathIgnorePattern: `(${[
        'node_modules',
        '\\/\\.', // Any file or directory starting with dot, e.g. ".git"
        'test-results',
        'docs',
    ].join('|')})`,

    /** Rules used to filter out results. Use empty array when ESLint crashes are the only interest */
    rulesUnderTesting: [],

    /** Optional syntax for the result parser. Valid values are plaintext, markdown. Defaults to markdown on CLI, plaintext on CI */
    resultParser: 'markdown',

    /** Maximum amount of tasks ran concurrently */
    concurrentTasks: 5,

    /** ESLint configuration */
    eslintrc: {},

    /** Optional boolean flag used to set CI mode. Ignored when process.env.CI is set. */
    CI: false,
}
```

### Execution
Run `yarn lint:remote`. Results are written into `./eslint-remote-tester-results` folder.

## Example

### Results:

* [markdown](docs/results-markdown.md)
* [plaintext](docs/results-plaintext)

### Configuration

- [react configuration with +150 repositories](eslint-remote-tester.react.config.js)
- [small regression for eslint:recommended](eslint-remote-tester.config.js)

Commit message:

Document git integration + CI use case

README.md, after:

# eslint-remote-tester

`eslint-remote-tester` is a CLI tool for testing given [ESlint](https://github.com/eslint/eslint) rules against multiple repositories at once. It's designed to be used when validating regression of new rules. It can be used to spot whether a new rule flags false positives or crashes ESLint completely. CIs can be configured to verify regression of large set of rules so that possible null pointers or any unexpected errors are caught immediately.

<p align="center">
  <img width="640" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AriPerkkio/eslint-remote-tester/HEAD/docs/demo.svg">
</p>

## Installation
```sh
# In your project directory
$ yarn add --dev eslint-remote-tester

# eslint is also required as peer dependency
$ yarn add --dev eslint
```

The underlying git integration is done via [simple-git](https://github.com/steveukx/git-js). It requires git to be installed and [that it can be called using the command `git`.](https://github.com/steveukx/git-js#dependencies)

## Configuration
### package.json
Add new script to your `package.json` file.
```json
"scripts": {
    "lint:remote": "eslint-remote-tester",
```

### eslint-remote-tester.config.js
Create new configuration file `eslint-remote-tester.config.js` in the root of your project. This is used as configuration file by default. Use `-c` or `--config` argument for custom configuration file, e.g. `--config path/custom.config.js`.
```js
module.exports = {
    /** Repositories to scan */
    repositories: [],

    /** Extensions of files under scanning */
    extensions: [],

    /** Optional pattern used to exclude paths */
    pathIgnorePattern: `(${[
        'node_modules',
        '\\/\\.', // Any file or directory starting with dot, e.g. ".git"
        'test-results',
        'docs',
    ].join('|')})`,

    /** Rules used to filter out results. Use empty array when ESLint crashes are the only interest */
    rulesUnderTesting: [],

    /** Optional syntax for the result parser. Valid values are plaintext, markdown. Defaults to markdown on CLI, plaintext on CI */
    resultParser: 'markdown',

    /** Maximum amount of tasks ran concurrently */
    concurrentTasks: 5,

    /** ESLint configuration */
    eslintrc: {},

    /** Optional boolean flag used to set CI mode. Ignored when process.env.CI is set. */
    CI: false,
}
```

### Execution
Run `yarn lint:remote`. Results are written into `./eslint-remote-tester-results` folder.

## Example

### Results:

* [markdown](docs/results-markdown.md)
* [plaintext](docs/results-plaintext)

### Configuration

- [react configuration with +150 repositories](eslint-remote-tester.react.config.js)
- [small regression for eslint:recommended](eslint-remote-tester.config.js)
